www.careerskope.com 

About:
From Confusion to Clarity.
From Doubts to Confidence
From indecisiveness to informed Decisions
From Careers I know to Careers I can pursue

At CareerSkope, We bridge this gap and make you a better, well informed, and knowledgeable individual. 
You will be enabled to pursue a career that suits you , a career choice that can lead to overall happiness, spiritual uplifting, and prosperity.
More than 12000+ career options are available …which one fits you based on your attributes, skills, interests, personality is a mystery puzzle that is not easy to solve without the guidance of professionals. Choosing a career and pursuing it can no longer be left to chance, you need to be clear on your goals, opportunities available, and plans for it based on scientific assessment and professional guidance.
We at CareerSkope, we conduct psychometric assessments to help students , college graduates, and working professionals to understand their strengths and improvement areas and identify suitable career options
We at CareerSkope, have the necessary experience, know how, assessment tools, and above all understanding of how the future of jobs going to be unfolding, more so with the invasion of AI in our lives.
Embark on a fulfilling career path with our expert career guidance services. Our knowledgeable career counsellors will assist you in exploring various industries, identifying your interests, uncode your personality, map you interest & personality, abilities to help you in making a informed career decisions. 

 

CareerSkope Counselling Framework based on 

 


Psychometric Career Assessments
The psychometric assessment administered by Careerskope is most advanced and accurate online career test that will help to take informed career decisions. It is one of the highest rated career assessment platforms in India.
Online Career Assessment offered by Careerskope is based on well-proven psychometric theories and Artificial intelligence (AI).The multi-dimensional career assessment test includes a detailed analysis of Interests, personality, and abilities. it is considered as an industry benchmark. It is a highly accurate and reliable assessment and based on well-proven psychometric theories.
Comprehensive Career Report
10+ pages comprehensive career report provides a clear recommendation of the most suitable careers.
CareerSkope logo:
 
Brand colours:
Blue , Red, Green
•  Blue: Trust, reliability, calmness — conveys our professionalism, trust , and credibiity.
•  Red: Energy, passion, action — shows dynamism and the motivational side of our counselling/coaching.
•  Green: Growth, harmony, new beginnings — aligns with personal development and career progress of our customers.
•  White (background): Simplicity, clarity, neutrality — keeps the logo clean and versatile.
The growth arrow in circle Represents the career growth & upliftment an individual — a school student, a college graduate, or a career professional -  seeks through our services.
Tagline : Empowering you to choose careers

About Founder:
 
Samir Kumar
With over 30 years of professional experience, primarily in the Education sector, having tremendous knowledge of various functions – Sales, Business Development, People Management & Development, Channel Management, Marketing & Product Management and Customer Engagements, he has seen it all. He is a certified career counsellor who offers personalised services to help individuals seek careers that align with their interests leading to achievement of career satisfaction, happiness and growth. As a career counsellor, his approach is tailored to meet each client's specific needs and goals, with a focus on achieving greater clarity and confidence in their career decisions. He is committed to delivering exceptional services and help his customers / individuals succeed. Additionally, he conducts freelancing / Independent workshops for school students, college graduates, and professionals. He brings immense passion and a purpose-driven approach to his work and is committed to creating positive change in society through training and counselling. 
